hey guys thanks for watching this video
the visco film presets are fun to edit
with you get very cool looks with him
next week I'm going to post a video on
kind of how I use them like how I use
them to edit in kind of the workflow you
need in Lightroom and Premiere to edit
with them and then the next week I will
be posting a video
kind of what I did this past week in
Nashville it was very interesting but it
was fun we got some stuff done I found
an apartment that I'll be moving into
the fall and they're just good
all-around time
so um stay tuned hit that subscribe
button
oh and next week I'm going to isolate so
follow me on Instagram and stuff to keep
up that it'll be fun
alright see